# Window
#background = 171717
background = 141414
background-opacity = 1
unfocused-split-opacity = 0.5
background-blur-radius = 60
window-padding-y = 16
window-padding-x = 16
window-padding-balance = true
window-vsync = true
#macos-titlebar-style = native
macos-option-as-alt = left
macos-titlebar-proxy-icon = hidden

# Theme
#theme = tokyonight
#theme = mellow
#theme = cutiepro
theme = xcodedark
#theme = ir_black

# Keybinding
keybind = ctrl+z=close_surface
keybind = ctrl+d=new_split:right

# Font
font-family = SF Mono
#selection-background = 4DFFA6
#selection-foreground = 000000
font-thicken = true

# Cursor
#cursor-color = 4DFFA6
cursor-style = block
cursor-click-to-move = true

# Features
link-url = true
focus-follows-mouse = true
clipboard-read = allow
clipboard-write = allow
clipboard-paste-protection = true
quit-after-last-window-closed = true
macos-auto-secure-input = true
auto-update = download